Carries his house on his back…
Slowly Slowly he moves by…
Swimming on the river with his house…
Quickly gets to the other side…
His house is strong like iron bars…
None can break it or bend it…
Naughty kids that throw stones at him…
Can’t get through his strong shell…
The shell won’t fly off in the breeze…
Or float off in the torrent pour…
Although it’s a very hard shell…
Only come can live inside…
Who’s house is it.?
Yes.. that house…
Who lives in the house…
A tortoise’s shell on the back…
That is it’s house too...
Carries his house on his back…
Slowly Slowly he moves by…
Swimming on the river with his house…
Quickly gets to the other side…
His house is strong like iron bars…
None can break it or bend it…
Naughty kids that throw stones at him…
Can’t get through his strong shell…
The shell won’t fly off in the breeze…
Or float off in the torrent pour…
Although it’s a very hard shell…
Only come can live inside…
Who’s house is it.?
Yes.. that house…
Who lives in the house…
A tortoise’s shell on the back…
That is it’s house too...